read-me updated (#22)
LBHackney-IT/tenancy-information-api: README.md

# LBH Tenancy Information API

> Tenancy Information API returns information about tenancies held

Reviewer: Could we make this clearer too? Maybe use what's in swagger?

Author: Swagger one is not great:
API for accessing tenancy information

> Tenancy Information API returns information about tenancies held

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenancy Information API returns information about tenancies
```

> The API has 2 endpoints one for retrieving all information aboout tenancies and one for a specific ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API has 2 endpoints, one for retrieving all tenancy records and one for retrieving a single record for a specific ID
```
